[Music]
hello are the criteria of
restaurant doors of padova for etc.
who speaks today is a pastry with the
mozzarella di bufala dominance nephrite
the red cell the cherry tomatoes and
garnished with some chives
dehydrated
There are 120 ingredients for 4 people
grams of fresh pasta an aubergine
round red onion 120 grams 100 g of
buffalo mozzarella 12 tomatoes a little
of basil and to garnish the grass
Chive
of course a little flour for
fry the aubergines a little oil salt
and pepper
just one thing to talk about dance
at the end of the day
the skin I love
[Music]
but cut into slices
we supply our slices well
eggplant prepare our onion
[Music]
we owe a lot
moreover, they are raping or renting a lot
hot
[Music]
we make them cook until they sell
a little darker when cooked
put on the plate upside down so
that a little oil will be born
[Music]
after about a couple of minutes we pull
out another violence neither and we put them
just to drip on a plate
overturned a name that comes from a while
of the cooking oil now deliver the
cherry tomatoes that onion because it is a little
of oil in a pan
returned red onion
some tomatoes that we leave whole
making cook for about ten
minutes until the onion becomes in
soft
ready after about 7 8 minutes together
with the onion and the water boil we throw
our pasta to cook a couple of
minutes just the time it takes
soften for a moment
[Music]
12 molds
we are then onion
it is a small tomato
well I am ready of your pasta la
we remove from the water
sounds all-out
let's put the stars on
[Music]
inside the methane molds le
eggplant cut into diced onion lo
show
[Music]
a half-hour tomato
a basil leaf
here is student boy
studying patties without one
afternoon on the bottom daily and new
let's get some pasta while
instead the body one with itself also does not
comes out at the bottom because we give in the mind and
we wrap it in our capsule
tartlets are ready we put them in the oven
at 180 degrees for one of the scenes
eliminated our pastry chefs are
ready and went to serve he had
made one that will remain soft
first instead with the upper part
property proud to close the dish a
bit of dehydrated chives i
our eggplant pastries
fried red onion tomatoes
and our buffalo are good ready
game
[Music]